Helm Insecure Handling Docs (#300)
suse-edge/edge-image-builder: docs/building-images.md

  * `repositories` - Required for charts; Defines a list of Helm repositories/registries required for each chart.
    * `name` - Required; Defines the name for this repository. This name doesn't have to match the name of the actual repository, but must correspond with the `repositoryName` of one or more charts.
    * `url` - Required; Defines the URL which contains the Helm repository containing a chart, or the OCI registry URL to a chart.

>     * `plainHTTP` Required for plain HTTP repositories/registries; If `true` the Helm resolver will use `HTTP`, if `false` it will use `HTTPS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `plainHTTP` - Optional; Must be set to `true` when connecting to repositories and registries over plain HTTP.
```

>     * `skipTLSVerify` Required if repository/registry TLS certificates aren't trusted; If `true` the Helm resolver will skip TLS certificate checks, if `false` the Helm resolver will check if certificates are trusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `skipTLSVerify` - Optional; Must be set to `true` for repositories and registries with untrusted TLS certificates.
```
